---
layout:     post
title:      Daily market wrap 2021-02-08
subtitle:   
date:       2021-02-08
author:     Xin Zhou
header-img: img/the-first.png
catalog: false
tags:
    - Market wrap
---


Market mover
		1. Fed's Mester speech: "accommodative for a very long time"
		2. This is consistent with Powell's dovish stance in January FOMC meeting.
		3. Yellen in Sunday said "US could reach full employment next year if Congress passes Biden's stimulus plan"
	• US rates:
		1. Front end yields(<=10Y) move up, and back ends(>=20Y) move down. 10Y saw a reversal of yield action (first down then up), end with higher yield.
		2. 2s10s spread drop a little, due to front end yield up more than 10Y, seems consistent with SPX moves up as people leave short end treasury for equities 
		3. Real yield curve moves down, with 1Y moves down 8bps. Since FX is more affected by short end yield, this could mean dollar move downs.
		4. With nominal yield up and real yield, especially front end moves the most, it mean inflation expectation(BEI) for front end rises quickly. This could be driven by Yellen's speech, as market is more and more convinced the stimulus plan could come out soon. 
		○ USGGT10 closed triangle still hold, not break out yet.
	• Dollar
		1. DXY oscillates with 0.2 range coming after last Friday's non-farm pay roll missing, It is strange DXY does not have same reversal action as USGG10Y.
		2. When non-farm miss, which means economy is not good, this could drive down yield: 1) fly to safety 2) expect Fed lower interest rate. But 2) is not likely as Fed hit lower bound and in the current environment, market seems to have the consensus that bad news will make government pursue more stimulus, thus more debt issuance and rise of yield. This logic does not means the economy will be better, nominal yield up is not a guarantee that economy is going to be better, it is up due to the mechanism of debt issuance.  But this logic applies to nominal yield
		3. However, exchange rate is determined by real yield and US real yield(especially front end) has moved down a lot since non-farm miss(which is consistent as market expect more stimulus, more inflation), but market is not confident about real economy recovery yet, so the real yield is down.
		4. As a result, DXY down due to market does not believe US economy is better than the rest of world yet.
	• Gold
		1. Gold continues recovering from 1786 to 1832, the action is not big, still consistent with the real yield range. But what could happen is market expectation of future real yield disappear on last Friday, which is consistent with what DXY is telling you 
		2. It is the same story as dollar. Market expectation of future real yield changed. They are more bearish on real yield.
	• EMFX/CNH
		1. Same actions as DXY
        2. CNH also appreciates 